[RLlib] CRR documentation (#25667)
ray-project/ray: doc/source/rllib/rllib-algorithms.rst

   :start-after: __sphinx_doc_begin__
   :end-before: __sphinx_doc_end__

.. _crr:

Critic Regularized Regression (CRR)
-----------------------------------
|pytorch|
`[paper] <https://arxiv.org/abs/2006.15134>`__ `[implementation] <https://github.com/ray-project/ray/blob/master/rllib/algorithms/crr/crr.py>`__

CRR is another offline RL algorithm based on Q-learning that can learn from an offline experience replay.
The challenge in applying existing Q-learning algorithms to offline RL is the problem of overestimating Q-function, as well as lack of exploration beyond the observed data.

> The later become increasingly important during bootstrapping the bellman equation, where the Q-function queried for next state does not have support in the observed data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The latter becomes increasingly important during bootstrapping in the bellman equation, where the Q-function queried for the next state's Q-value(s) does not have support in the observed data.
```

> To mitigate these issues, CRR, implements a simple and yet powerful idea of value-filtered regression.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To mitigate these issues, CRR implements a simple and yet powerful idea of "value-filtered regression".
```

> Basically the key idea is to use a learned critic to filter-out the non-promising transitions from the replay dataset. For more details, please refer to the paper.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The key idea is to use a learned critic to filter-out the non-promising transitions from the replay dataset. For more details, please refer to the paper (see link above).
```
